ENCOUNTER LIST

1. PROLOGUE-1: Getting onto the ships.
2. PROLOGUE-2: On the ship.

3. #1 SHIP-1: Attack in moonlight.
    On a successful repulse, go to encounter VILLAGE-1.
4. #2 SHIP-2: Docking at the village.
    If the PCs take over and try to flee in the boat, 
        go to encounter SHIP-3.
    Depending on how much fighting you'd like to do, 
        more fighting: go to encounter VILLAGE-1.
        some social challenges: go to encounter VILLAGE-4.
5. #3 SHIP-3: The naval trap.
    In this encounter, this ship *is* stopped, even if that requires
    the ship to be holed and sunk. Note that unless the ship stops at
    the village, it will go to this encounter anyway, and the PCs may
    later encounter this ship along with the dead captain/crew.

6. #2 VILLAGE-1: A village captured.
    The village is repressed, and the terrorisers - the bugbears -
    immediately show up with their minions. The PCs have to fight
    them.
        If they instead escape to the boat, go to encounter SHIP-3.
        PCs should NOT lose this encounter. The DM could have the
        villagers join in - either a spontaneous "revolt" or an
        attack by a well-trained militia in hiding, depending on
        how much help the PCs need.

7. #3 VILLAGE-2: A village alone.
    The village is now free, but the King will soon send his minions 
    to recapture the victim. They must decide whether to barricade
    the village or try to infiltrate the hill.

    They are advised to head for the halfling encampment for reasons
    which elude me (having them say, "We'd like you to level up before
    taking on the King" is probably a bit too straightforward).

    If they head straight for the hill, go on to RIVER-CROSSING-0.

X. HALFLING-1: Hide or strike.
    The PCs are captured by the halflings. A major and influential
    group of halflings is in charge, and immediately send word to
    the King. Before the response returns - which might mean their
    death - the PCs should plan their next move: to attack the
    halflings and make a break for it, to try to win the halflings
    onto their sides, or to go along with being captured for now
    and see where it gets them (i.e. take an Extended Rest).
        If PCs convince the moderate halflings to restore equamity,
        we move to HALFLING-2. Otherwise, we'll probably end up
        at DOCK-1.
X. HALFLING-2: Freedom!
    The moderate halflings and the PCs attack the King's Halflings.
        If this encounter becomes too simple, the "response" might
        return from the King -- sent by a few bugbears.


X. RIVER-CROSSING-0: The river crossing plays as three interconnected
   encounters. Geographically, the river can be crossed easily at three
   places:
	1. Near the halfling village
	2. Near the human village
	3. At the naval trap (SHIP-3): skip the first encounter.

   Feel free to play this bit by ear; if your creatures 

X. RIVER-CROSSING-1: River crossing starts by approaching a small,
   jetty where a few boats are tied. These jetties are hard to spot
   from the water, but are easy to see from land, because a clear
   trail of footprints will lead to the jetties.


X. PREFINALE 1 - 

X. PREFINALE 2 - A big fight is staged in which the murderous hordes
of the king rush to what they fear might be his final defeat. By now,
the servants of the king have taken on a distinctly abyssal tinge.

There's gotta be a push for continuation, but the creatures should
have some kind of HP refresh at this point - more healing surges at
least - so they can go on without an extended rest. This means 

X. FINALE - A Big Bad is the king of the monster. I'd love him/her to
be a diabolical creature of some sort; a creature of pure chaotic malice.
See how that goes.
